Add notes about map re-use drawbacks (#36529)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/howto/add_a_hit_map_on_top_of_an_image/index.md

When you nest an image inside {{htmlelement('a')}}, the entire image links to one webpage. An image map, on the other hand, contains several active regions (called "hotspots") that each link to a different resource.

> Formerly, image maps were a popular navigation device, but it's important to thoroughly consider their performance and accessibility ramifications. While having multiple images reference the same image map is allowed, in practice it can severely degrade accessibility. For example, keyboard navigating an image that is repeated in the header and the footer of a document with the same image map, behaves unexpectedly with all the main browsers. On Safari and Chromium-based browsers, the latter image instance is skipped entirely. On Firefox, both image maps get keyboard forcus simultaneously and when it moves past the image, the next focused element is the one after the latter image instance effectively skipping everything between the two images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Formerly, image maps were a popular navigation device, but it's important to thoroughly consider their performance and accessibility ramifications. 

> [!WARNING]
> Multiple images referencing the same image map may lead to unexpected browser behavior, severely degrading usability and accessibility. For example, when a user keyboard navigates an image with a re-used image map in Safari and Chromium-based browsers, latter image instances using that same image map are skipped entirely. In Firefox, all image maps get keyboard focus simultaneously and when the user keyboard navigates past the image, the next focused element is the one after the last image instance, effectively skipping everything between the two images.
```
Suggest making it a warning.
